Salesforce Connector 10.14 - Mule 4
Anypoint Connector for Salesforce (Salesforce Connector) enables you to create apps that react to Salesforce events such as adding, changing, or deleting objects, topics, documents, and channels.

Salesforce Connector enables you to connect to the Salesforce APIs. This connector exposes methods for accessing Salesforce, including working with the Salesforce Apex classes.

This connector works with the Salesforce SOAP API, REST API, Bulk API, and Streaming API, depending on the operation you configure. Each API call uses a request/response pattern over an HTTPS connection. All required request headers, error handling, and HTTPS connection configurations are built into the connector.

For compatibility information and fixed issues, see the Salesforce Connector release notes.

Before You Begin
To use this connector, you must be familiar with:

The Salesforce SOAP, REST, Bulk, and Streaming APIs

Anypoint Connectors

Mule runtime engine (Mule)

Elements and global elements in a Mule flow

Creating a Mule app using Anypoint Studio (Studio)

Before creating an app, you must have:

Access to the Salesforce target resource, which requires a Salesforce developer account and Salesforce security token.

You can receive a new security token by email if you run Reset Security Token through My Personal Information from the Salesforce Setup pages.

A consumer key and secret (available in your Salesforce developer account)

If you are using OAuth authentication, the namespace and schema location

Limitations
Salesforce Connector does not expose all possible operations of the Salesforce APIs.

Salesforce Connector does not provide access to the Chatter API or Tooling API.

Audience
New users

Read this document and create your Mule app in Anypoint Studio.

The Additional Configuration Information topic helps you extend your understanding of the connector.

Advanced users

Read XML and Maven Support, the Additional Configuration Information topic, and Examples.

Authentication Types
Salesforce Connector connections use the following authentication types:

Basic authentication

Uses a username and password for authentication

OAuth 2.0

Delegates user authentication to the service hosting the user account

OAuth JWT

Uses OAuth 2.0 with a JSON Web token (JWT) request for user authentication

OAuth SAML

Uses OAuth 2.0 with a signed SAML 2.0 assertion to request an access token

OAuth Username password

Uses OAuth 2.0 with a user and password for authentication

For information about configuring these authentication types, see Using Anypoint Studio to Configure Salesforce Connector.

Salesforce Connector Configurations and Examples
The following table provides links to specific Salesforce Connector information:

Subject	Description
Accept and Transform Data

Accept and transform data from Salesforce example

Apex SOAP and REST

Configure for APEX SOAP API and APEX REST API

APIs

List of Salesforce APIs that this connector can access

Application Development

Process order and integration patterns

Batched Data

Batch data using the Salesforce Bulk API

Lead Convert Request ID

Specify a lead ID using DataWeave

Parent Child Relationships

Create and update parent and child relationships example

Anypoint Exchange Templates and Examples

Simplify Salesforce Connector development with a template or example

Subscribe Topic

Subscribe to a Salesforce topic

Subscribe Streaming Channel

Subscribe to a Salesforce streaming channel

Replay Topic

Replay events from a Topic

Replay Streaming Channel

Replay Events from a Salesforce streaming channel

Custom Event Notifications

Get custom event notifications over a streaming channel

Push Event Notifications

Push Events to a Streaming Channel

Object Store Usage

Object Store usage and limitations